## ☆ Value Village
From 2021-2022 I took a year off from school to focus more on myself and working to save up some money. Value Village was my first job, and I worked there for about a year. My duties were that of an average sales associate, meaning I had to clean up the store, operate the cash register, bring out new items and stock the shelves. During my time there I learned the value (no pun intended) of customer service and working efficiently to get the most done in the least amount of time possible. I think my favourite memories include talking to the customers who were knowledgeable in collectable items, and hearing their stories about what they do as a living. Since Value Village is a thrift store you get many interesting people shopping there, and some of the regulars I got to know on a personal level. The best part about this job was how close I got to my fellow co-workers. A lot of us were around the same age and became good friends. We all had a common enemy: rude customers and managers that were overbearing. The stress of how many hours I was working along with some customers who were extremely difficult to deal with were my least favourite parts about this job. 

I eventually turned into a retail zombie at some point due to the mundane tasks I repeated over and over each day. Although there were negatives to this job, I still hold a lot of appreciation for this opportunity because I made good friends along the way as well as gained a lot of experience regarding customer service, efficiency, and working within a team. 

**Rating: B** <br>
My rating for this experience is a B, it was mostly enjoyable since I still talk to my old coworkers to this day, but some parts of that job felt overwhelming.
