## ☆ UX100 Term Project
A mandatory course to take as a User Experience Design Major is UX100, the introductory course to the program. In my first year, our term project was to work with real clients for organizations and companies that had real issues they wanted us to fix. Additionally, there was a competition among the groups and a  cash prize for the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place.  My group worked for KITE which is an organization that is funded by the UHN (University Health Network) that does research for rehabilitation. This project was my very first dip into the world of UX, and it proved to be a very tough challenge. The best way I could explain this experience is: imagine you barely know how to swim, yet you are thrown into the deep end. Since we were working with real clients the pressure was on to produce a solution that was good and solved the client’s problems. My issue was that our prompt was extremely hard: How to make rehabilitation research fun and cool. This is basically asking us how we can spread the word about rehabilitation research and the foundation, KITE as a whole, to a younger audience? This proved to have many challenges in coming up with our solution because how do we remove the stigma against rehabilitation research? Our process involved trial and error as we had to remake our solution many times because of some restrictions and feasibility. While I understand this project was to give us a good sense of what UX is, I felt as though I did not have enough experience in UX to think of a good design that solves our problem. 

I will say that although the project was challenging, my group was amazing and our teamwork shone through in our finished product. One of my favourite memories was when we were in one of our meetings, my group member and I compared heights. He is 6’4 and I am 5’2, needless to say it was a funny comparison and a moment of laughter while we were all stressed about our assignment. To conclude, I think being thrown into the deep end helped a lot in navigating my own understanding of how User Experience Design works, it was challenging but somehow I got through and we won 3rd place!

**Rating: C** <br> 
I rate this a solid C, it was an okay experience, and knowing what I know now as a second year student in UX Design I wish I could have done a lot better.